zipalign: add page (#3546)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/zipalign.md

# zipalign

> > Zip archive alignment tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Zip archive alignment tool.
> Part of the Android SDK build tools.
```
Let's mention that this command is part of the Android SDK.

> More information: <https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/zipalign>.

> - Align the data of a ZIP file on {{4}} bytes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Align the data of a ZIP file on 4-byte boundaries:
```

> - Align the data of a ZIP file on {{number}} bytes:

Reviewer 2: Let's use a concrete value for number

`zipalign {{number}} {{path/to/input.zip}} {{path/to/output.zip}}`

> - Check that a ZIP file is correctly aligned on {{number}} bytes:

Reviewer 2: Same as above.

> - Check that a ZIP file is correctly aligned on {{4}} bytes and display the results in a verbose manner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check that a ZIP file is correctly aligned on 4-byte boundaries and display the results in a verbose manner:
```

> `zipalign -v -c {{number}} {{path/to/input.zip}}`

Reviewer 2: `-v` is for verbose right ? We should also mention that in the description.

Author: Indeed. (Because zipalign is quiet by default and without it, it would just return an exit code.)

Reviewer 2: You have not mentioned the verbosity part in the description.

Author: Fair enough, I added your suggestion.
